## Introductory Theorem
If n is odd, then $n^2 - 1$ is divisible by $8$.
### Proof
- Suppose that $n$ is an odd integer.
- Then, we can write $n = 2k+1$ for some integer $k$.
- Then, $$n^2 = (2k+1)^2$$
- Which is $$4k^2+4k+1$$
- And $$n^2-1=4k^2+4k=4k(k+1)$$
- Since $k\times(k+1)$ is the product of two neighboring integers, it is even since at least one of those integers ($k$ or $k+1$) is also even.
- So, since $4k(k+1)$ is four times an even number, $4k(k+1)$ must be divisible by $8$.

## Today
We are covering:
- Statements
- Logic
- Sets

## Logical Statements
- Proofs are journeys from one logical statement to the other.
- Example logical statements are:
	- "The number 12 is divisible by 3"
	- "$2+3=5$"
	- "$2+3=7$"
	- "_It's raining outside of this building_"
	- "If $x=19$, then $x+1=2$"
	- "Every even number $\geq 2$ can be written as the sum of two prime numbers" 
- Essentially, any statement that can be evaluated as __true__ or __false__.
- Examples that are not logical statements:
	- "$x+1=2$"
	- "$x^2+3x+7$"
- We mess around with logical statements using Logical Operators

## Logical Operators
Let $P$ and $Q$ be some logical statements:

| Symbols                               | Meaning                                                |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| $\lnot P$                             | not $P$                                                |
| $P \land Q$                           | $P$ and $Q$ (both $P$ and $Q$ must be true)            |
| $P \lor Q$                            | $P$ or $Q$ (at least one of $P$ or $Q$ is true)        |
| $P \implies Q$ AKA. $(\lnot P)\lor Q$ | P implies Q (If $P$ is true, $Q$ must be true as well) |
### Example
- If 3 is even, then 8 is odd.
- "If __ANY_FALSE__, then __ANY_TRUE__"
- If N is divisible by 4, then it's divisible by 2
	- EITHER n is not divisible by 4, OR it's divisible by 2

## Theorem Example

For logical statements $P$ and $Q$, $P\implies Q$ if and only if $\lnot Q \implies \lnot P$
### If $n$ is divisible by $4$, then $n$ is even.
* Proof: Suppose $n$ is not even.
* 
### If and Only If:
$$ (P \implies Q) \land (Q \implies P)$$
$$ P \iff Q $$

## Intro to sets
- A set is a collection of things
- Example: $\mathbb{Z}$ = the set of all integers = $\lbrace \text{all integers} \rbrace$
- $\lbrace n \in \mathbb{Z} \| n \text{ is even} \rbrace = 2\mathbb{Z}$
- If $A$, $B$ are sets,
- $A \cup B$ is the set containing everything in $A$ and $B$
	- $\lbrace x | (x\in A) \lor (x\in B) \rbrace$
- $A \cap B$ is the set containing everything contained in both $A$ and $B$
	- $\lbrace x | (x\in A) \land (x\in B)\rbrace$
- $\lbrace x | (x \in A) \text{ or } (x \in B) \text{ but not both} \rbrace$

## A wild example

- Suppose that $1 = 0$
- Add +1 to both sides
	- $2 = 1$
- Let $S$ be the set containing me, and the pope
	- $S$ has two elements
- Therefore, $S$ has $1$ element.
- Therefore, I am the pope ✞

 