Professor: Calder Morton-Ferguson
- "Call me Calder"

## Three Levels of Lecture
1. Lectures
2. Office Hours
3. **ULA Sessions** ⭐
	1. Attendance is the best predictor of success in the course

## First 6 Weeks are extra special
Akin to a discussion section, and are workshops on proof-writing

Office hours will be in the morning
Afternoon sessions with Grad TA's
Evening ULA sessions

9 Homeworks
2 Midterms

## You choose how you're graded
30% hw, 20% midterm 1, 20% midterm 2, 30% final exam
30% hw, 20% `max(`midterm 1`,` midterm 2`)`, 50% final exam

## Definition of a Proof
A positive integer `n` is called `even-tight`/`even-kind` if there are an even number of primes in its prime factorization.

> Prime factorization of `6`
> 2 * 3

> Prime factorization of `15`
> 3 * 5

* `1` is `even-kind`, factors: {}

For any $n\geq1$, let $E(n)=\text{the number of positive integers} \leq n$ that are even kind
For any $n\geq1$, let $O(n)=\text{the number of positive integers} \leq n$ that are odd kind

$E(7)=3$, $O(7)=4$
Why?
$1\to$ even kind
$2\to$ odd kind
$3\to$ odd kind
$4\to$ even kind
$5\to$ odd kind
$6\to$ even kind
$7\to$ odd kind

## Conjecture (Polya 1919)
> Conjecture is a guess, not a proof

$$
\text{For all } n>2, O(n)\geq E(n)
$$

Polya checked this for $\leq1500$
This was checked and tested for $n\leq1,000,000$

But in 1962, it was discovered that:
$$
O(906180395) < E(906180359)
$$
Hence, proofs are necessary to figure out what is objectively true! Intuition and trials aren't enough.
## Proof #2

There is a town with population `n`, called "Odd Town". It has `m` clubs.
But there is a weird rule. Each club must have an odd number of members. For any two clubs, there has to be an even number of people who are in both.
### What is the maximum value of `m`?

#### n = 3
One big club ✅
Three clubs, each with one person ✅
Three clubs is the maximum.

### Theorem
The value of `m` is at most `n` 
> There are never more clubs than there are people

TO BE CONTINUED

